
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::Categories - Posy plugin to give category links.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.65'' of Posy::Plugin::Categories.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This provides category-based (lists of) links: a category tree which can be
used as a site map, contains a list of lists of all the categories; and a
breadcrumb list which provides a "breadcrumb trail" list.

These methods can be called from within templates if one is using the
TextTemplate plugin.

For example:

[==Posy->category_tree()==]


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the
config directory.

``categories_hide''
Default value for categories not to show in the breadcrumb or category tree.
The 'hide' value can also be set in the actual call as well, which will
override the config value.

``categories_labels''
Optional hash which can only be set if one also has Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig
or something similar.

By default, this uses prettified names of the category directories to use as
labels. This hash provides replacement labels to use if you prefer longer,
more descriptive names.

For example:

    category_labels:
        b7: "Blake's 7"
        b5: "Babylon 5"


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::Categories

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the scripts (posy_one,
posy_static).

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Module::Build
    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Posy::Plugin::TextTemplate

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

